Document the new sun conditions (#46443)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_conditions/sun.is_evening_twilight.markdown

---
title: "It is evening twilight"
condition: sun.is_evening_twilight
domain: sun
description: "Tests if it is evening twilight, optionally of a specific type."
related_conditions:
  - sun.is_morning_twilight
  - sun.is_set
  - sun.is_night
---

> The **It is evening twilight** condition passes during the gradually darkening period after sunset, while the sun is below the horizon but still sinking. You can match any evening twilight, or narrow it to a specific phase: civil, nautical, or astronomical. Home Assistant works this out from your [home location](/docs/configuration/basic/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **It is evening twilight** condition passes during the gradually darkening period after sunset, while the sun is below the horizon but the sky is not yet completely dark. You can match any evening twilight, or narrow it to a specific phase: civil, nautical, or astronomical. Home Assistant works this out from your [home location](/docs/configuration/basic/).
```
